README.md, before:

# MCBE Commands++

MCBE Commands++ is a Minecraft Bedrock addon that extends the capabilities of vanilla commands. It allows you to use features from the Script API, opening up a whole new world of possibilities for your Minecraft experience.
Join the [Discord](https://discord.gg/6PFMrzS3sG) for support and creations

![Minecraft Bedrock Edition Logo](./pack_icon.png)

## Features

- **Extended Commands**: Enhance your gameplay with extended commands that go beyond the vanilla Minecraft commands.
- **Script API Integration**: Use features from the Script API directly in your commands.
- **Easily share your creations**: Share event code and easily import code from others.
- **Work in Progress**: This project is actively being developed. Expect more features and improvements!

## Installation

1. Download the latest release (stable or beta) from the [Releases](https://github.com/jeanmajid/MCBE-Commands-plus-plus/releases) page.
2. Open the downloaded file to install the addon in Minecraft Bedrock Edition.
3. Enjoy your enhanced command experience!

## Usage

After installing the addon, you can use the extended command, but it will be tricky for beginners so I suggest checking out my [Youtube](https://youtube.com/@jeanmajid?si=Hn9hfLOCejwYqaCNFor) for basic tutorials or joining the [Discord](https://discord.gg/6PFMrzS3sG) for further help. A list of available commands and their usage, please refer to the [Commands Documentation](commands.md).

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! If you have a suggestion or found a bug, please open an issue on our [GitHub page](https://github.com/jeanmajid/MCBE-Commands-plus-plus/issues).

## License

This project is licensed under a [Custom License](LICENSE).

## Disclaimer

This is not an official Minecraft product. It is not approved by or associated with Mojang or Microsoft.

Commit message:

Added I am busy to read me

README.md, after:

# MCBE Commands++

## Important

The project is currently paused and very early beta. it will be worked on when I get more time. I am currently very busy.

MCBE Commands++ is a Minecraft Bedrock addon that extends the capabilities of vanilla commands. It allows you to use features from the Script API, opening up a whole new world of possibilities for your Minecraft experience.
Join the [Discord](https://discord.gg/6PFMrzS3sG) for support and creations

![Minecraft Bedrock Edition Logo](./pack_icon.png)

## Features

- **Extended Commands**: Enhance your gameplay with extended commands that go beyond the vanilla Minecraft commands.
- **Script API Integration**: Use features from the Script API directly in your commands.
- **Easily share your creations**: Share event code and easily import code from others.
- **Work in Progress**: This project is actively being developed. Expect more features and improvements!

## Installation

1. Download the latest release (stable or beta) from the [Releases](https://github.com/jeanmajid/MCBE-Commands-plus-plus/releases) page.
2. Open the downloaded file to install the addon in Minecraft Bedrock Edition.
3. Enjoy your enhanced command experience!

## Usage

After installing the addon, you can use the extended command, but it will be tricky for beginners so I suggest checking out my [Youtube](https://youtube.com/@jeanmajid?si=Hn9hfLOCejwYqaCNFor) for basic tutorials or joining the [Discord](https://discord.gg/6PFMrzS3sG) for further help. A list of available commands and their usage, please refer to the [Commands Documentation](commands.md).

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! If you have a suggestion or found a bug, please open an issue on our [GitHub page](https://github.com/jeanmajid/MCBE-Commands-plus-plus/issues).

## License

This project is licensed under a [Custom License](LICENSE).

## Disclaimer

This is not an official Minecraft product. It is not approved by or associated with Mojang or Microsoft.
